Good morning, family!
How are you all doing today?
Praise the Lord, I'm excited to be here.
We have some work to do in the spirit realm.
I was praying about my video, and I felt the Lord correct me regarding my video about Elon Musk.
The Lord, after I made that video, I had that itchy feeling and knew the Holy Spirit wasn't pleased completely with it.
He said, "Brandon, I revealed this stuff to you and told you about his technology that will be used in the Tribulation.
" I said, "Yes, sir, you did.
" I saw the demonic spirit that was influencing his mind to help him because he has a genius IQ.
When you see all that in the spirit, you start linking him with the Antichrist and making him into a bad person, saying he's going to create all this stuff.
It has to be created; prophecy will be fulfilled because it is prophecy from the Lord telling us what's coming in the future, and somebody had to fill that position.
He's not the Antichrist, ladies and gentlemen; he is the creator of the Beast system.
It does not mean that Elon Musk will implement the system; he's just creating it.
So the Lord said to me, "Brandon, you've got to think bigger.
" I asked, "What do you want, Lord?
What are you asking?
" He said to me, "Believe that Starlink, the internet system, will be used for good instead of for bad.
" He said that technology can be used to spread the Gospel throughout the whole world where they don't have internet access.
He said there are ways to use this as a tool for the Gospel.
He said the man is blessed and told me to pray that he would get born again and help the Kingdom of God.
He said, "You painted him out to be an enemy when he's already trying to help the Republican party, bringing in free speech, and doing what he did.
" He said there's already a door open and told me to push it wide open and believe God for his soul.
Let's call him saved today, ladies and gentlemen.
Let's pray that he has a radical visitation from the Lord Jesus Christ.
His technology will be used, I believe, but wouldn't it be amazing if Elon Musk got radically born again and started preaching the Gospel like another Billy Graham throughout the whole world?
He is an evangelist; he has a charisma about him that draws people to him and his social media.
Just think of what he could do for the Kingdom of God if we started praying for him to get radically saved.
He's around Trump, and I believe with all my heart Trump is going to have a radical visitation from the Lord Jesus Christ and get baptized in the Holy Ghost in these next four years.
President Trump can influence him to help him get born again.
There are so many avenues here, so I want to repent even to you all for some of the things I said.
You see in part and hear in part as I am growing in my own gifting.
Several days later, the Lord said to me, "Brandon, you're missing it; I want you to believe me for bigger.
" So I have to tell you, ladies and gentlemen, let's turn that around.
I'm not attacking the man anymore.
The Lord said, "You don't know where he's at with me; you don't know his soul.
You judged him because of what you saw in the spirit when I was trying to show you something.
I showed you part of something, but it doesn't mean you have the whole picture.
" Again, it's immaturity on my part, and I want to say this: let's intercede for the man and his family.
It grieved me; I passed judgment in my heart saying he's damned to hell because he's creating the Beast system, and the Lord said, "You don't know that.
Who are you to say that?
" When the Holy Spirit corrects you, it really makes you feel a certain way.
I told all these 160,000 people who watched that video, and they're all saying they knew he was bad.
I get it; when you see the Beast system, you relate evil with that and think you can't pray for him.
When the Lord said to me, "Call him saved, believe for his soul," I said, "God help me.
" That's my heart today: to turn this ship for that man and for his family, that they would have a radical visitation from the Lord Jesus Christ and a real conversion.
We're still believing for the House.
We see what the enemy is trying to do, folks, but greater is He that is in us than he that is in the world.
We're going to take authority over the House again today and believe God for a supernatural visitation over America.
I was going to go a whole different direction today about the economy and what the Lord is telling me to pray for over the next 70-some days.
I saw some of the enemy's tactics regarding the dollar, Putin, and Xi Jinping.
There's a lot of work to be done.
I made a mistake, so let's pray for him to get radically born again.
Believe with all your heart because he could be a major tool for the Kingdom of the Lord.
What the devil meant for bad, God can turn for good today.
Wouldn't it be amazing if Starlink were a tool for the Gospel?
The devil might try to use it later, but we could use it now for the glory of God.
The Lord said, "You've got to believe bigger; you think too small.
" Elon Musk saved!
I can see it.
Elon Musk born again, radically baptized in the Holy Ghost, praying in other tongues, laying hands on the sick, and seeing them recover.
Proclaiming Jesus Christ as Lord and having a company as a tithe machine to Jesus to help fund churches.
It could happen.
I prayed for Kanye West for years, and though he's having a hard time now, I'm still praying for him.
I prayed for years for radical conversions for Kim Kardashian and all of them because they influence the world; why not influence the world for Jesus?
God uses celebrities like Justin Bieber to bring in the harvest.
It's time for Hollywood and influencers to come to Jesus.
Wouldn't it be amazing if Taylor Swift got radically saved?
She's serving the devil now, but imagine if she were born again, speaking in tongues, and talking about the fire in her music as a Christian artist.
We have a lot of power on this YouTube channel with all of us praying together.
Let's be an army for Jesus.
I've talked enough; let's pray.
You can take your communion; I'll pray alongside you.
Father, we lift up the body before you and thank you for the communion.
Your body was broken and beaten for us, and by your stripes we are healed.
We lift it up and thank you, Father, that you were wounded for our transgressions and bruised for our iniquities.
We say no sickness or disease can come near us because it violates our covenant of health.
Father, I thank you for the blood that covers us and eradicates our sin.
We plead the blood of Jesus over us today from the top of our heads to the soles of our feet.
Now, Lord, we lift up Elon Musk and I call him saved in the name of Jesus.
I command the enemy to release his life and speak a radical visitation from you.
Manifest yourself to him in a supernatural way.
I thank you that Elon Musk's eyes are open and that the eyes of his understanding would be enlightened.
I speak to his eyes right now that they are no longer blind.
It doesn't matter what he thinks now; we call laborers across his path and a stirring in his spirit like a furnace.
In the name of Jesus, he would be a voice for the Lord Jesus Christ.
I'm going to pray in the spirit for him now.
We call the breaking of darkness off of his life in the name of Jesus.
We pray over his eyes.
I see his heart, Lord.
We thank you, Father, that he is radically born again today.
Everyone wants to be loved and accepted.
Holy Spirit, move on the man.
We call the bondage and baggage of life to break off of him today.
Any darkness or people influencing him, we call them to be removed in Jesus' name.
I see a specific darkness regarding a woman; Satan, you've been found out.
Thank you, Holy Spirit, for showing me more.
We will pray for Elon Musk for the next 20 days.
Now, Lord, we pray over this House.
We call for a breakthrough in the House seats.
We command the enemy to get his hand off the seats and bow his knee in the name of Jesus.
We call it done.
We thank you for the manifestation of what we're believing for concerning the House, not just barely scraping by, but having what we need.
I call all corruption and hidden ballots to be revealed in the name of Jesus.
I command the plots of the wicked to be exposed.
We pray over the people Donald Trump is putting in his cabinet.
I call for godly people around him, men and women with the mind of Christ.
We call for supernatural wisdom over his mind for such a time as this to turn this nation around.
I thank you, Lord, that he would be another King David who takes the head off the giant.
I thank you for the finances to turn around.
We want a revival no matter what it takes.
We tell our flesh to shut up and we rise up higher with the fire.
We are not moved by what we see or feel.
We walk with the Spirit of the Lord today.
The best is yet to come.
We are the salt of the earth.
I thank you that today is a day of great turnaround.
I pray for every person who's bound by a demonic spirit in their home.
I speak you free in the name of Jesus.
Holy Spirit, move through this camera and into their rooms.
You are free from that oppression right now.
Don't be afraid; the devil is leaving.
You are free indeed.
I speak life over your mind and body.
There is no more demonic hindrance.
Some of you have multiple things manifesting; they are getting out of you now.
You must get the Word of God inside your heart so they cannot come back.
Keep your house full of the Word.
Thank you, Jesus, for healing and deliverance.
We walk in your goodness and peace.
I'll do another video tomorrow.
Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
No weapon formed against you shall prosper.
These are our greatest hours.
He chose you to be here for such a time as this because he knew you had what it takes to withstand the darkness and submit to Him.
Have confidence because Jesus loves you.
I want to hear Him say, "Well done, good and faithful servant.
" We have work to do; occupy until He comes.
If you are new here and want to learn more about the baptism of the Holy Spirit, find the book 'Why Tongues' by Brother Hagin.
It's a small book, very cheap, but worth the read to understand the scriptures behind speaking in tongues.
Subscribe if you'd like; the Lord told us we're going to have a million people praying here.
Like the video and click the bell.
Remember, Jesus is the Healer and He loves you.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
God bless you all, and we will see you again tomorrow.
Bye-bye.